Similarly to how we can use ESLint for
JavaScript linting we can also use a
different tool called stylelint for
linting our styles, like CSS and Sass.
So I'm going to create a new
file stylelint.rc which is a
specific config file for this.
And similar to in the ESLint config file,
we have extends, we also have processers.
We can use processors, which allow
us to specify additional plugins to
hook into the stylelint pipeline,
but we're not doing that today.
rather than extending a existing
config in here I have specified a
bunch of different rules for different
conditions that style can check for
and what I want it to test again.
Now similar to ESLint, I can test
this in the command line or I can
also use an extension in VS Code to
automatically check against my files.
So if I open up one of my sass files, And
say, for example, I go through and add
a couple of extra spaces because I know
that there's config that says I can only
have one empty line between sections.
I open up my terminal and see the
output at the bottom, it is giving me an
error "expected no more than one empty
line" which is one of the config rules.
There we go.
And if I remove that, that has
now gotten rid of the problems.
And so that will continue to go
through and check against my stylelint
file as I write my code and we'll
do it automatically, rather than me
having to run the tests manually.